Add network access control section to CUPS guide (#687)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: docs/how-to/networking/cups-print-server.md

man cupsd.conf
```

### Configure network access
 
Configuring CUPS to listen on a network interface is not sufficient on its own to make it accessible from other hosts. CUPS also enforces access control through `<Location>` directives in `cupsd.conf`, which by default restrict access to `localhost` only. Without updating these directives, remote hosts will receive a **"Forbidden"** error when trying to reach the web interface or submit print jobs.
 
To allow access from your local network add or update the `<Location>` blocks in `/etc/cups/cupsd.conf` as follows:
 
```text
# Allow access to the web interface from the local network
<Location />
  Order allow,deny
  Allow localhost
  Allow 192.168.10.*
</Location>
 
# Allow access to the administration pages from the local network
<Location /admin>
  Order allow,deny
  Allow localhost
  Allow 192.168.10.*
</Location>
 
# Allow access to the admin configuration from the local network
<Location /admin/conf>
  AuthType Default
  Require user @SYSTEM
  Order allow,deny
  Allow localhost
  Allow 192.168.10.*
</Location>
```

Replace `192.168.10.*` with the subnet of your local network.
 

> If you have a firewall enabled (e.g. `ufw`), you must also open port 631 to allow incoming connections:

Reviewer: Maybe we should consider adding a link to the [firewalls](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/how-to/security/firewalls/) page here.

Author: Ok, I've just added the link in the latest commit.

> If you have a [firewall](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/how-to/security/firewalls/) enabled (e.g. `ufw`), you must also open port 631 to allow incoming connections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a {ref}`firewall <firewalls>` enabled (e.g. `ufw`), you must also open port 631 to allow incoming connections:
```

I think this is better.

Author: Sorry about the trailing whitespace, should be fine now. Also updated the firewall link to use the correct syntax as suggested. Thanks
